hi this is Tara Jean with dance plug and
I'm standing beside Amy and fik-shun hi
okay I love you guys when i watch you
guys dance I go like this I'm like oh
for everything you do you did this
jiggle in your restaurant ideas and I
literally giggled like a 12 year old oh
just so cute all this ain't no word
amazing up and quickly I just want to
say with you fiction I watched a
previous interview and you said that you
have a bit of a potty mouth and so I was
laughing in my head and you were saying
that you're like oh I'm not supposed to
say that and then for me I was like the
only thing I could hear him say was like
rainbows crap oh oh darn yeah I try my
best to censor that um sometimes me
sometimes when you just really feel
strongly about something I feel like
they're just words that you wouldn't
substitute because you want to get that
want to get it across and get your point
across so you may use a word that may
not be the most appropriate but it
delivers the message but I gotta relax
rethink about something else that means
the same thing so um yeah I always have
a potty mouth i'm just i'm passionate
about certain things i do the singing i
do the same everyone does we all do it
you know yeah sure let's go with that I
love it you guys are just absolutely
stunning you guys I was cheering up
during that routine and I think all of
America was you guys just make that I
connection and for non-dancers to
explain that connection is impossible
when you're dancing when you're in it
you don't even feel like you guys are
doing that do know it just feels like
the moment like you just live it moment
by moment like the mood and the steps
aren't counts and numbers like they're
just moments like and like the tiny
moments all come together to create a
piece or like even a movie like is what
I thought about it as so on it's really
amazing to get that feeling from a day
yeah it just feels like magic you kind
of like step off that stage you just
like I like the time traveled for a
second because it's so like just takes
your whole mindset away from like
reality for a second I think that's why
everyone and it's so enamored by dance
because it's like the one thing we can
like have we kind of magic we can create
magic I think it's something really
truly beautiful yeah and I have to say
it's so amazing I feel like I know you
guys and that's the whole point of the
show I mean it's it's not a personality
contest but in the end it really is it's
who is not afraid to show themselves
it's scary you're surrounded by cameras
you have cameras in your face all the
time and so to be real is really
difficult and I think you guys are doing
an absolutely amazing job at that so
keeping you because that's like the
number one right that a number one so
yeah keep doing what you're doing
because a lot of people have bets for
you guys to win so thank you so much
thank you's a lot yeah of course I right
now I just want to see we're gonna do a
waltz face all together cuz I was
tearing us we're gonna do waltz and then
cuz you guys are going on tour so then
we're going to go into a rock star face
cuz you guys are rock stars yeah so we
just have to like switch it off so we're
just gonna like Walt's face this is like
the vote waltz face so in it now make an
eye connection feel that chemistry now
rock star faith